Container_Ext(whySBA, "Why Service based architecture", "Service",
 "1. Why not monolith. \n Ans. Hard to scale, Fault Tolerence, Low Agility \n
 2. Why not Microservices? \n Ans. Complexity, Cost, Slow and complex to bring out MVP
 3. Why Service Based ???? \n Ans. Fault Tolrence, Services based is the cheapest highly scalable architecture, Less complex to bring out MVP, Can be easily migrated to Microservices")


Crew
1) Configurable UI elements.
2) Schedule a conference.
3) Tag based invitation to speakers.
4) Slot preference (Shift it to speaker)
5) Finalize the conference (Curate recommendation, save, publish, branding to social media) --> users will get notified
6) Branding the conference over social media
7) Take attendance from QR Code

Speaker
1. Sign up as speaker
2. Update basic personal details (Introduction) + tags
3. Receive notification for upcoming conferences
4. Submit talks for Crew with in deadline
3. Suggest preferred time slot
4. Receive time slot
    1. Confirm (auto create calendar event)
    2. Reject
5. Can modify/cancel time slot till certain time (maybe till 1 week) // Everything planned
6. Can share on Social Media --> Can use links to post it on personal FB,Insta etc
7. View schedule and venue details (location + time + ...)
8. Upload presentations/slides for attendees
9. Able to view the feedbacks after talk

Attendees
1. Sign up as attendee
2. Update basic personal details (Introduction) + tags
3. Can share on Social Media ---> Via link
4. Receive notification for upcoming conferences
5. Book a seat(s) on FIFO based (with selected track)
6. If payment required, should be able to pay
7. Get confirmation notification with View schedule and venue details (location + time + ...) + QR code etc
8. Cancel seat(s) and get refund if applicable
9. Once enter the conference will get a catalog with schedule
10. At the end of the day I will get feedback notification (can be email)

Future
1. Depends on load think about migrate to micro-service (maybe with event driven)
2. If we want to virtual, we can make use of zoom/teams or similar tech
3. We can also have subscription based thing for recorded sessions
4.
